And The Last Lecture we create our first basic components you're using the function form.
Now we don't really use the computer to its fullest potential.
We want to output a name here.
And right now the name is still stored and is variable.
Now that is not really how you should use re-act components.
If there is something in the component you want to set from outside like the name you should use a special
construct prop's does function actually receives one argument passed into it by reject and I'll name
this argument perhaps the name is up to you but that is the best description because it is object of
properties set from outside.
You may recall the concept of props from the view Chia's section.
Well they're using the same here basically.
I can now remove the name here and instead provide some properties on my components tacked on there
so I could set name equal to a string Max and I could also use single Akali braces if you want to use
something dynamic like call a function or anything like that which then returns the string in the end.
So you're.
That's Max.
You could also pass two like this in single call braces if you want to pass something which is not a
string.
But again here I need a string so it's max for now.
And now to use that of course here where an output name I should output Perhaps name.
Andrew yes yes we'll do the mapping for us.
We'll map this name property into this perhaps object so that we can access it with the name property
on the prop's object.
Fanout control ENTRAR we see the same as before but now using the component the way we should use it
with props.
However the button still doesn't work.